Add Files, Clipboard, and first Advanced Apps Patterns (#7645)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/patterns/files/receive-shared-files/index.md

---
layout: pattern
title: How to receive shared files
date: 2022-09-01
authors:
  - pliao
description: >
  Learn how to receive shared files from other websites in your web app with the Web Share Target
  API.
height: 800
static:
  - sw.js
  - assets/manifest.json
  - assets/favicon.png
  - assets/favicon.svg
---

## The modern way

### Using the Web Share Target API

> First, declare a `share_target` in your web app manifest that lists an `action` (a URL to handle
> shared files at), a `method` (`"POST"` for files) and an `enctype` (`"multipart/form-data"` for
> files) and a `params` object that contains a `files` property with an array of objects with a `name`
> and `accept` property that list the sharable file types and the name to obtain them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, declare a `share_target` in your web app manifest that lists an `action` (your URL that handles
shared files), a `method` (`"POST"` for files) and an `enctype` (`"multipart/form-data"` for
files) and a `params` object that contains a `files` property with an array of objects with a `name`
and `accept` property that list the sharable file types and the name to obtain them.
```
